fix: Add limitation to Postgres Changes docs regarding Delete events ignoring filtering (#21412)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/realtime/postgres-changes.mdx

## Limitations

### Delete events are not filterable

> When tracking Delete events with Postgres Changes you are not able to apply Filters on the received records. This is due to a limitation with the way we are pulling changes from Postgres where filters can't be applied. We're working on solutions to this limitation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can't filter Delete events when tracking Postgres Changes. This limitation is due to the way changes are pulled from Postgres.
```

> When tracking Delete events with Postgres Changes you are not able to apply Filters on the received records. This is due to a limitation with the way we are pulling changes from Postgres where filters can't be applied. We're working on solutions to this limitation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can't filter `DELETE` events when tracking Postgres Changes. This limitation is due to the current way Realtime polls for changes from Postgres.
```

@filipecabaco you can also mention this [issue](https://github.com/supabase/walrus/issues/53) so folks can track it. @charislam would love your thoughts on doing so.

Reviewer: I'm not a huge fan of linking issues in docs because it feels less polished, which can make the product seem like a work in progress. I recognize that's a very subjective feeling, though, so if you think it would really help, I'm not going to block it 😄

Author: I will keep the changes that @charislam suggested and lets keep the issue out for now and lets see the feedback
